fix: validate nullable oas3 example correctly (#1980)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/rich-falcons-act.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": patch
---

> Fixed the `no-invalid-schema-examples` rule validating nullable OpenAPI 3.0 schemas incorrectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the `no-invalid-schema-examples` rule that incorrectly validated nullable OpenAPI 3.0 schemas.
```
